Add documentation for the k6 DevTools Recorder (#1661)
grafana/k6-docs: docs/sources/next/using-k6/test-authoring/create-tests-from-recordings/using-the-devtools-recorder.md

---
title: 'Using the DevTools recorder'
description: 'The DevTools recorder allows exporting k6 browser scripts from the recorder panel in Chrome DevTools.'
weight: 01
---

The DevTools recorder lets you record user journeys using Chrome DevTools and then export them as a k6 script.

## Before you start

Before you start, consider the following:

- [Be sure to record realistically](/test-authoring/create-tests-from-recordings/#be-sure-to-record-realistically)

> - [A hybrid approach for load testing websites](/test-authoring/create-tests-from-recordings/#consider-hybrid-approach-for-load-testing-websites)

Author: > Another thing, what do you think of adding another line here to point users to the [Running browser tests](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/latest/using-k6-browser/running-browser-tests/) page? I think maybe having some context about browser tests might be helpful before users start creating recordings.

Sounds like a good idea. I'll add something.

{{< admonition type="note" >}}

> Note that the DevTools recorder **does not require a cloud account**.

Author: This was a copy-paste from the browser recorder, but I think updating that should be its own PR.

{{< /admonition >}}

> ## How to record

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Create a script from a recording
```

> 1. Install the [Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/grafana-k6-browser-record/fbanjfonbcedhifbgikmjelkkckhhidl) extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install the [Grafana k6 Browser Recorder Chrome extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/grafana-k6-browser-record/fbanjfonbcedhifbgikmjelkkckhhidl).
```

Reviewer: Also, do we need to update this link to the new extension once it's published?

Author: > Also, do we need to update this link to the new extension once it's published?

Yes. I will add a commit to this PR once I know the final URL.

1. Record a session using the [Chrome DevTools Recorder](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/devtools/recorder).

> 1. Choose k6 Browser when [exporting the user flow](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/devtools/recorder/reference#export-flows).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Export the user flow](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/devtools/recorder/reference#export-flows) and choose the k6 Browser option.
```

1. Edit your script as necessary. Depending on the [type of test](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/<K6_VERSION>/testing-guides/test-types/), you might need to change different aspects of the script.
   Typical changes are for [load options](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/<K6_VERSION>/using-k6/k6-options) and to handle [correlation and dynamic data](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/<K6_VERSION>/examples/correlation-and-dynamic-data).

> 1. Run the test from the CLI or Grafana Cloud k6. For more about running k6, refer to the [Running k6 guide](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/<K6_VERSION>/get-started/running-k6).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run the test from the CLI or Grafana Cloud k6. Refer to [Running k6](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/<K6_VERSION>/get-started/running-k6) for more details.
```

---
title: 'Using the DevTools recorder'
description: 'The DevTools recorder allows exporting k6 browser scripts from the recorder panel in Chrome DevTools.'
weight: 01
---

> # Using the DevTools recorder
> 
> The DevTools recorder lets you record user journeys using Chrome DevTools and then export them as a k6 script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Using the k6 DevTools recorder

The k6 DevTools recorder lets you record user journeys using Chrome DevTools and then export them as a k6 script.
```

## Before you begin

To ensure you have a useful test output:

- Review the [Be sure to record realistically](/test-authoring/create-tests-from-recordings/#be-sure-to-record-realistically) and [Consider hybrid approach for load testing websites](/test-authoring/create-tests-from-recordings/#consider-hybrid-approach-for-load-testing-websites) sections on [Create tests from recordings](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/<K6_VERSION>/using-k6/test-authoring/create-tests-from-recordings/).

> - Learn how to [configure and run](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/<K6_VERSION>/using-k6-browser/running-browser-tests/) browser tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Learn the basics of k6 browser tests with [Running browser tests](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/<K6_VERSION>/using-k6-browser/running-browser-tests/).
```
